Add CONTRIBUTING.md with basic instructions for contributions (#129)
valkey-io/valkey-swift: CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md

# Code of Conduct

> All developers should feel welcome and encouraged to contribute to Hummingbird. Because of this we have adopted the code of conduct defined by [contributor-covenant.org](https://www.contributor-covenant.org). This document is used across many open source 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All developers should feel welcome and encouraged to contribute to valkey-swift. Because of this we have adopted the code of conduct defined by [contributor-covenant.org](https://www.contributor-covenant.org). This document is used across many open source 
```
